add media-player module (#608)
SevenTV/Extension: CHANGELOG-nightly.md

-   Added an option to choose chat timestamp format
-   Fixed tooltips of nametag paints appearing even if they are disabled
-   Reinstated functionality on youtube.com
-   Added an option to hide player extensions

> -   Added an option to show Steam Stats such as Latency, Resoultion, Bitrate, etc. next to viewer count section

Reviewer: nit: typos

```suggestion
-   Added an option to show stream stats such as latency, resolution, bitrate, etc.
```
